--- Favourite Quotes

--- If something is possible for any man it is possible for you too.

--- The only truth is action

Punish only the man that committed the crime

A man without a vision is a man without a future, a man without a future will always return to his past.

Remember the past, live in the present and look forward to the future.

Spending money to prove you have money is the fastest way to lose your money.

Without love etc breath is just the tick of the clock, taking time your time until it is finished.

You're a slave to anything you can't walk away from.

Often the best way to victory is through choosing the best piece to sacrifice.

The more we value things outside our control, the less control we have
Epictetus

The only person who doesn't make a mistake is a person who does nothing!
#learn #motivate #fail #advice #forgive #mistake

If men were angels we wouldn't need the constitution
Hamilton
#humannature

Profits are better than wages

The difference between school and school is: In life you're taught a lesson and then given a test, in life, you are give a test and that teaches you a lesson.

You can't own someone, you can only experience them

The most dangerous person to be with is the one who doesn't want to love you, but doesn't want to lose you.

They are more devoted to order than justice
Martin Luther King

Do or do not, there is no try
Yoda

You must unlearn all that you have learned
Yoda

Believe Nothing Of What You Hear, And Only Half Of What You See

Build a life you don't need to escape from

No man chooses evil because it is evil; he only mistakes it for happiness, the good he seeks.
Mary Shelley

It's not you need to see it to believe it, it's you need to believe it to see it.

Normal is not something to aspire to, it’s something to get away from. — Jodie Foster

The object of life is not to be on the side of the masses, but to escape finding oneself in the ranks of the insane. — Marcus Aurelius

What's the biggest lie you were told
It's not that simple
what is?
No, that's the biggest lie I was told

By working faithfully 8 hours a day, you may eventually get to be the boss and work 12 hours a day. — Robert Frost

The price is easy if the promise is clear and powerful

To have questions first you need to know something

He who dares not offend cannot be honest.
Thomas Paine

People change
When they are hurt by something
they have to
When they see something
they are inspired to
When they learn something
they understand to
When they receive something
they are able to

Equality
Opportunity
Wisdom
Freedom
Love
#Rick Mayall

It's harder to build a business but it's harder to work to work at something you don't like

A man is not what he is he is what he hides

It's better to bow than to break

Alcohol is gods apology for making us self aware

War doesn't determine who's right, it determines who's left.
Bertrand Russell

A person is not happy because everything is right in their life, they are happy because their attitude is right towards everything in their life.

Difficulty wakes up genius